good morning we are in our program
of nutrition needed consultant
otter nutrition falls today we are going to
talking about overweight is universe is a
excess body fat and to be able
reduce this excess fat we should
have good eating habits and
also exercise
Today I am going to prepare a
alternative that is a pancake of the plan
of carrot which can be prepared
for babysitters for breakfast
is a dietary alternative so that
you can get down those signals
I'm going to show you the ingredients of
partico we have a flour flour without
prepare milk
milk light at the same time we have egg
each employee has been crushed
I can bake vanilla here we go
to proceed with its preparation of that
flour is served let's add a
flour
let's add the milk
we are also going to add the carrot not
It can be the two tablespoons of
carrot that are already
crushed and also two tablespoons of
silver
it can be the island banana
and a little bit depending on game
Editing only one clue and to review
we are going to add vanilla are just
two or three drops of vanilla
finally, all the
ingredients and now let's proceed to
knead let's handle it well look how
all the ingredients are well what
they can keep
Ivan is pleased to
do not
achieve it
until I'm on a report to be able
what
those mountains are very simple to do
and so much
where it is not necessary to be undeniable
and a lot of quantity
it's also sugar
the ceremony
but the banana is also not necessary
that they add sugar but if they want
you can take one at most two
teaspoons of sugar but it is not
necessary is because because the carrot
and the banana already has more
today we are going to make the dough as they can
observe look I was uniform already
she is ready
and we are going to proceed
I already have a pan in which has
added a little bit of soybean oil and
let's proceed to follow them I've been
well little oil because the pan
I recommend this flower, let's add
s
It is done
lasarte
they are already seeing each other in our three
quantum as you can see no
she is ready
and now I 'm going to explain the
properties of the bread that is being made
I will show you what is here
I already have one and has prepared the volcano
which is a dietetic pancake because
has carrot and at the same time that has me
banana and this will serve you well and
Also, how is it fried in the
Flower pan has a view and is a
alternative to breakfast instead of
besides bread thousand and property
nutritional because there is the carrot
It is very rich in vitamin which is good
for the skin as eye shadow the
milk that is rich in calcium at the same time
also the banana that is very
behave
good dear friends I hope that
prepare this delicious package of
banana in recontra easy try it and
share this information and we are
seeing